Add the highlight on Secret Value & Add the documentation to using Azure Tenant URL (#7882)
supabase/supabase: web/docs/guides/auth/auth-azure.mdx

- Under "Essentials", click on "Client credentials".
- Navigate to the "Client secrets" tab and select "New client secret".
- Enter a description and choose your preferred expiry for the secret.
- Once the secret is generated, save the `value` (not the secret ID). 

![Obtain the client secret](/img/guides/auth-azure/azure-client-secret.png)

## Obtain the Tenant URL

> This will using your custom Azure login page when user login.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will allow your users to use your custom Azure login page when logging in.
```

Reviewer: Just a suggestion -- feel free to rephrase as you like

- Select the Directory (Tenant) ID value.

> - The Azure Tenat URL should look like this: `https://login.microsoftonline.com/<tenant-id>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Azure Tenant URL should look like this: `https://login.microsoftonline.com/<tenant-id>`
```
